1. APPOINTMENT

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Exclusive Distribution Agreement, Deverde direct appoints H2 tech, 
and H2 tech accepts such appointment and agrees to act as Deverde direct exclusive distributor of the Supplier Products (defined below) 
within the geographical territory defined as follows (the “Territory”)

Distributor's geographical territory is defined as Greater London, if customers are outside this area Supplier needs to be notified.

Distributor agrees to exercise its best efforts to 
(a) promote the sale of and obtain orders for the Supplier Products in the Territory; 
(b) abide by Supplier’s policies and procedures with regard to the purchase, sale and support of Supplier Products; 
and (c) conduct its business in a manner that reflects favorably at all times on the Supplier Products and the good name, 
goodwill and reputation of Supplier or its affiliates. 

Distributor acknowledges and agrees that it has no rights or claims of any type to the Supplier Products, or any aspect 
thereof, except such rights as are created by this Exclusive Distribution Agreement. 

Distributor agrees that it shall not and is not authorized to promote, resell, deliver, install, service or otherwise 
support the Supplier Products outside of the Territory, unless prior consent is given.

2. PRODUCTS AND PRICING

Supplier Products consist of the items or classifications of items listed in this Section below, and the purchase price or 
license fee to Distributor of all Supplier Products delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall be as set forth in this 
Section below.

/// ADD PRICING INFORMATION

3. EXCLUSIVITY

Supplier’s appointment of Distributor in Section 1 of this Agreement is an exclusive appointment to distribute the Products 
in the Territory. Supplier shall not independently advertise, solicit and make sales of Supplier Products, support 
Supplier Products or appoint additional distributors for Supplier Products in the Territory.

4. SALES OUTSIDE OF THE TERRITORY

Distributor shall promote the sale of Supplier Products in the Territory on its website.   
Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, Distributor shall not actively advertise or actively solicit orders for 
Supplier Products outside of the Territory. In the event Distributor receives an order from outside its Territory it will 
seek consent from the supplier.

5. NO THIRD PARTY AGENTS

Distributor shall not sell/license the Supplier Products through third parties (such as original equipment manufacturers, 
distributors, value added resellers or other dealers or agents) without Supplier’s prior written consent to the 
proposed relationship (including the specific terms of such relationship).

6. ORDERS

All orders will be transmitted by Distributor to Supplier and shall be subject to acceptance in writing by Supplier. 
Supplier may (in its sole discretion) refuse acceptance of any order. Each order submitted shall constitute an offer by 
Distributor to purchase the Supplier Products described in such order and, upon acceptance by Supplier, 
shall give rise to a contractual obligation of Distributor to purchase or license the said products on the terms 
and conditions set forth in this Agreement. Conflicting, inconsistent or additional terms or conditions contained in 
any order submitted by Distributor shall not be binding unless Supplier specifically accepts such terms or conditions 
in writing. All expenses arising out of the change or cancellation of an order after acceptance by Supplier, including 
the cost of diversion, cancellation or reconsignment of shipments, and  any reasonable restocking charge, 
shall be paid by Distributor to Supplier, on demand.

7. PAYMENT AND DELIVERY

The purchase price shall be quoted and payable in UK pounds to Supplier at the address specified on the invoice. 
Unless otherwise agreed by the parties in writing, payment shall be made by Distributor by wire transfer when 
funds are received from sale. 

8. RESALE PRICE AND EXPENSES

Distributor shall set the selling price and license fees at which the Supplier Products are sold or licensed by it in the 
Territory. Distributor shall be solely responsible for the costs involved in the distribution of the Supplier Products, 
including sales costs, import duties, any and all banking charges, shipping and handling costs or 
other operating expenses, letter of credit costs, wire transfer fees and other costs associated with making payment, 
and taxes, however designated, except that Distributor shall not be liable for taxes imposed that are based on 
Supplier’s income.

// ADDED BG
8.1 Installation costs - Supplier will be responsible for installing the product and any costs associated with the installation.


9. PROMOTIONAL LITERATURE

Supplier agrees to furnish, in English, to Distributor (via email in pdf format) such descriptive literature, 
advertising materials, technical manuals and sales promotional materials concerning the Supplier Products as Supplier may, 
from time to time, have available for such purposes. Distributor shall have the right to translate such materials into the 
languages of the Territory  at its own expense.  Supplier shall retain ownership of all proprietary rights, including, 
intellectual property rights to the translated versions of the materials. Distributor will be solely responsible for the 
accuracy of the translations and will provide Supplier with a copy of each translated work. Distributor shall promptly 
revise (at  Distributor’s costs) the materials upon notice from Supplier.

10. INFRINGEMENT BY THIRD PARTIES

Distributor will cooperate fully with and assist Supplier in its efforts to protect Supplier’s intellectual property 
rights within the Territory and shall exercise reasonable diligence to detect and shall immediately advise Supplier if 
Distributor has knowledge of any infringement of any patents, trademarks, copyrights or other intellectual property rights 
owned or used by Supplier.

11. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION; NO REVERSE ENGINEERING

Supplier may provide Distributor with certain confidential or proprietary information (“Confidential  Information”).  
Confidential  Information  includes information, whether written, electronic or oral, which Distributor knows or reasonably 
should know is proprietary, confidential or a trade secret of Supplier, including any and all technical or business 
information, the Software including its source codes and documentation, specifications and design information for the 
Supplier Products, servicing information, customer lists, pricing information, marketing information, policies, procedures 
and manuals regarding Supplier’s distributors or distribution channels, research and development and other proprietary 
matter relating to the Supplier Products or business of Supplier. Distributor will refrain from using the Confidential 
Information except to the extent necessary to exercise its rights or perform its obligations under this Agreement. 
Distributor will likewise restrict its disclosure of the Confidential Information to those who have a need to know such 
Confidential Information in order for Distributor to perform its obligations and enjoy its rights under this Agreement. 
Such persons will be informed of and will agree to the provisions of this Section and Distributor will remain responsible 
for any unauthorized use or disclosure of the Confidential Information by any of them. Upon termination of this 
Agreement (or earlier, upon request by Supplier), Distributor shall cease to use all Confidential Information and promptly 
return to Supplier (or destroy,  upon  request  by  Supplier)  any  documents  (whether written or electronic) in its 
possession or under its control that constitutes Confidential Information. During the term of this Agreement and thereafter, 
neither Distributor, nor Distributor’s employees, independent contractors nor other agents shall (a) reverse engineer, 
decompile or otherwise disassemble the Supplier Products from the products themselves or from any other information made 
available to them, or (b) otherwise use any of the Confidential Information or Supplier provided training to support,  
maintain  or otherwise service a third party’s products or services.


12. PRODUCT WARRANTIES

Limited Manufacturing Warranty. Supplier warrants for a period of [NUMBER] days following delivery of the Products 
(the “Warranty Period”) that the Products shall be free from defects in materials and workmanship. Supplier’s sole 
obligation under this warranty shall be to provide, at no charge to Distributor, replacement Products. 
Defective Products must be returned to Supplier (at Distributor’s cost) in order to receive warranty replacement 
(unless Supplier determines such return is not necessary) and shall become Supplier’s property. 
For a warranty claim to be made, Distributor must follow the procedures established by Supplier from time to time.

Warranty of Good Title. Supplier agrees to indemnify Distributor from any liability to any third party for infringement 
of United States patents, copyrights, trademarks or trade secrets with respect to Supplier Products sold/licensed by 
Distributor pursuant to this Agreement. This obligation does not extend to any foreign patents, copyrights, trademarks, 
or trade secrets or to any Supplier Products manufactured or modified by Supplier to meet Distributor’s or a customer’s 
specifications.  Supplier shall, at its option, be allowed sole and exclusive control over the defense, settlement and 
compromise of any claims of infringement. Supplier must be notified in writing by Distributor within 10 days of any 
third party claim which, if upheld, might result in a liability subject to indemnification under this Subsection. 
If the distribution of the Supplier Products is threatened by a claim of infringement, or is likely to be enjoined or 
liability for infringement is found, Supplier may, in its discretion and at its sole option:  
(i) procure for Distributor the right to continue distributing the Supplier Products; or 
(ii) modify the Supplier Products so as to make them non-infringing; or (iii) substitute non-infringing products; or 
(iv) refund the price paid by Distributor for the Supplier Products in its possession subject to their return by 
Distributor and terminate this Agreement with respect to the allegedly infringing products. 

THIS SUBSECTION STATES THE ENTIRE LIABILITY OF SUPPLIER WITH RESPECT TO INFRINGEMENT OF ANY PATENT, COPYRIGHT, 
TRADEMARK, TRADE SECRET OR OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHT BY ANY SUPPLIER PRODUCT.

Disclaimer. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS SECTION, SUPPLIER MAKES NO OTHER WARRANTY, PROMISE OR OBLIGATION WITH RESPECT  TO  THE  SUPPLIER  PRODUCTS,  THEIR USE, REPAIR OR PERFORMANCE. SUPPLIER DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTY, PROMISE OR OBLIGATION THAT THE SUPPLIER PRODUCTS SHALL BE FIT FOR ANY PARTICULAR USE OR PURPOSE, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH USE OR PURPOSE IS MADE KNOWN TO SUPPLIER OR NOT. SUPPLIER DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTY, PROMISE OR OBLIGATION THAT THE SUPPLIER PRODUCTS CONFORM TO ANY SAMPLES OR MODELS. SUPPLIER  HEREBY  DISCLAIMS  ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, PROMISES AND OBLIGATIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTIES, PROMISES AND OBLIGATIONS ARISING FROM A COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE. THE WARRANTIES SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION ARE INTENDED SOLELY FOR THE BENEFIT OF DISTRIBUTOR. ALL CLAIMS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE MADE BY DISTRIBUTOR AND MAY NOT BE MADE BY DISTRIBUTOR’S CUSTOMERS.</p>

Distributor’s Warranties. Distributor agrees, at its cost, to provide its customers with, at a minimum, substantially 
the same warranties as set forth in Subsection 17(a). Distributor will assume all costs involved in providing any 
additional warranties.

13. REPORTING

Every month Distributor shall e-mail to Supplier a rolling 3 month, nonbinding sales forecast of the expected sales of 
Supplier Products in the Territory. In addition, Distributor shall furnish  such  other information in a timely manner in 
response to Supplier requests for information pertaining to Distributor’s activities in the Territory. Such requests may 
include, prospect lists and status  of  prospect  sales  activity,  information applicable to specific sales activities, 
data regarding competition in the Territory, product operational data and other information required by Supplier to 
effectively coordinate its international sales and marketing efforts.

14. TERM AND TERMINATION

Unless earlier terminated as provided in this Agreement, the term of this Agreement shall commence as of the Effective 
Date and shall automatically expire at the end of [NUMBER] years following the Effective Date. 
Either party may terminate this Agreement as follows: 
(a) Immediately upon [NUMBER] days’ prior notice with or without cause; 
(b) Immediately, for any breach or default of this Agreement by the other party which has not been cured within [NUMBER] 
days after the delivery of notice thereof to the party alleged to be in breach, specifying with particularity the condition, 
act, omission or course of conduct asserted to constitute such breach or default; 
(c) Immediately, upon the dissolution, insolvency or any adjudication in bankruptcy of, or any assignment for the 
benefit of creditors by, the other party or if the other party ceases to conduct business in the ordinary or normal course; 
(d) Immediately, if required by law or by any rule, regulation, order, decree, judgment or other governmental act of any 
governmental authority; or (e) Immediately by Supplier if Supplier reasonably suspects that Distributor breached any of 
its obligations of confidentiality or protection of Supplier’s proprietary rights.

15. EFFECT OF TERMINATION

Upon notice of termination of this Agreement for any reason, the following provisions shall apply: 
(a) Supplier shall have the right to immediately appoint another distributor to serve existing customers and continue 
sales efforts in the Territory; 
(b) Supplier may continue to fill any orders from Distributor that have been accepted by 
Supplier prior to the termination of this Agreement under the terms and conditions  of  this Agreement; 
(c) All outstanding balances owed by Distributor to  Supplier  shall  become  immediately  due  and payable to Supplier; 
(d) Both parties shall at all times thereafter refrain from any conduct that would be inconsistent with or likely to 
cause confusion with respect to the nature of their business relationship; (e) All rights granted to Distributor 
under this Agreement shall cease, and where appropriate, revert to Supplier; and 
(f) Supplier, in its sole discretion, shall have the right, but shall in no way be obligated 
(unless otherwise required by law), to inspect and repurchase all or any quantity of the Supplier Products 
(including Supplier Products for demonstration and parts to service the Supplier Products) 
then owned or ordered by Distributor at the lesser of (i) the original price paid by Distributor for such 
Supplier Products, or (ii) at the then-current price to Distributor, and under both (i) or (ii), less any 
applicable restocking or refurbishing charge.  Supplier shall have the right to assign such option to repurchase to any 
other person whom it may designate. No consideration or indemnity shall be payable to Distributor either for loss of 
profit, goodwill, customers or other like or unlike items, nor for advertising costs, costs of samples or supplies, 
termination of employees, employees’ salaries and other like or unlike items. In no event shall Distributor continue 
to represent itself as a Supplier distributor or representative after termination of this Agreement.

Supplier shall have no liability to Distributor by reason of any termination by Supplier. Distributor shall indemnify and 
hold harmless Supplier from and against any and all liability, loss, damages and costs (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) 
arising out of any claim by Distributor or any third party standing in the right of Distributor to any right of 
entitlement contrary to the express terms of this Section.



